.
That's one, too.
Sorry I'm late, ladies and gentlemen, we're getting right started. I'm gonna do just a very brief introduction
and then we're gonna go
I
Yes, Mark is putting out some absolutely fantastic content lately. It's just reading
It's just research really actually anyone, you know could have done if they just maybe paid a subscription to newspapers.com and
Did the right searches? But
Mark is in the batting cage
Yeah, taking the covers off that's all I got to say mark is in the batting cage
Yeah, I
Don't know what to say if mark if Doc Malick is booting you off his sub stack
It's exactly where you want to be. I think there's there's not much else to say there. I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna do any of that bull in a china shop stuff anymore. I'm gonna let the biology speak for itself
I think we we are really
If this is you know, we're doing very very well
We're about to drop some people on their faces
And so it's not a question of if it's just a question of when and so I think if we just move cautiously and
Keep our feet firmly underneath us
Don't don't get off balance in any way. I think everything is gonna be just fine in the next couple months
We're gonna make some serious
Serious progress. Don't forget. I'm on the website of the red pill Expo at this stage
listed on the same list of speakers as Mickey Willis and and
and
Andrew Kaufman
think about the
extreme irony of that
the extreme I
don't know
craziness that in four years plus of trying to push this stuff out that
Yeah, that's that's where we are. Anyway, 28 people watching. Thank you very much for being here. Let's get started
The latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario
I think that's a really
Excellent idea Jeff. We've been I have been trying to come up with something that fits that for a while
And I've got a couple things in the works as far as a PDF goes lots of people have taken a crack at that but
the PDF from GIGO and biological and the past couple weeks three weeks four weeks of work that Mark and I have been doing
And I don't mean it in any other way than to saying that I'm just really happy to be in this fight together with Mark and with Jessica
and with Nick Hudson and with Jonathan Hengler and
Wolfgang Wodach and
Mike Eden
The list of people that we that we consider part of our little team
Has now really it's it's a very very
Solid list of people who understand the argument we're making we're so busy lying
We don't even recognize the truth no more than society. We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way life is
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie, you know, and I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important
Not to be a liar
I hope you mean you have to mute that part with
With Tucker
Because I love that dude one that that that thing really rings well with me
Have the harkonans telling you and I think it's just really a sort of scientific discipline from what I understand
It's Tucker's admission. It's not his whining. It's it is admission
There's no clearer way to say that you're a liar by saying that you're a liar
How much more succinctly could one say it than five times repeating that I'm a liar
I don't want to be but I am it's perfect. It's absolutely perfect
Hey, I got to push this button over here in order for this to work
Okay, so we are gonna we are gonna try and truncate this a little bit because the idea again is to
Well dispel this enchantment, and so I think repetitive repeating
Repeating messages are actually very important for the people who come for the first time
I know it's kind of annoying if I show up late and then I also have to run
45 slides or or whatever this is
But but these messages are important
Because we've been consistently putting these messages out with these people's faces underlying them for almost
four and a half four years now
And to think that in all that time a message so succinct and so clear a
message so patriotic and and and
Focused on the truth could have been lost in the noise that they created
Like lost in the noise that these people created
and
The noise is of course all to disguise this plan that's been in the works for a very long time to invert our sovereignty
into experimental
Animal status so that they can feed our biological data into the as yet
non-existing AI that will
that will solve all of humanity's problems and so the
the show on on social media featuring a eyes latest greatest achievements in art and in
in language and and cliff notes
Is part of this illusion?
And as hard as it is for a lot of people to accept it is one hundred percent in illusion
And the illusion goes back a few decades because this illusion of
understanding of high fidelity
Understanding of the biology that underlies health and disease this mythology has been building
For decades and unfortunately our parents were completely under its spell and more importantly
they were under its spell because
It wasn't it wasn't used against them in the same way that it has been used against us in the overt
Malevolent way that it's been used against us in our lifetime in the form of the childhood vaccine schedule
And in our lifetimes in the form of pandemics
But once we gave power to the charlatans
It's very difficult to get it back, especially if we inherited it this way and we did we have to admit
I'm 52 years old. We inherited the world
where these charlatans and their mythology was the prevailing narrative and
There are people who have tried to fight against it
There are people who have have touched part of this elephant and and paid the the the highest price
And then there are people who claim to be patriots and who actually are part of the
controlled demolition of America, and I don't think that's a message that you can repeat too often because
You know, it's gonna take my kids of being aware of it
It's gonna take more college kids than are aware of it right now in order to turn this cruise ship around
We're gonna need some adults to be able to play the role of teacher and mentor
And and and keep people away from social media keep people away from the nightly news and keep people away from the
PBS news
history of America and
Point people back in the way of the truth
What American history really is what the American economy really is what what?
fractional reserve banking really is as far as as a possible weaponized source of control
And why Jeffrey Epstein and stories of Jeffrey Epstein's Island might be used to obscure
The power of weaponized piles of money
Like the Vatican for example one of the oldest and probably largest weaponized piles of money
Let's stay focused on the biology for now though
And let's not take their bait on social media that includes crazy sub stacks
And let's love our neighbors
And let's share this stream if you don't mind and if you've got the means and you're sitting at home with more money
Then you know what to do with
Feel free, you know, if you've already subscribed to Twitter
If you've already you're paying for people's sub stack within by all means, please
Go to gig ome biological and see if you can also support this work because I think it's one of the few places where you can get
An objective look at the fifth generation warfare that's being waged upon us and our children
One place where people are gonna call it like it is fifth generation warfare is the coordinated lying
to the populace
Let's say that again. The fifth generation warfare that you need to be afraid of is
Coordinated lying and that's what we have here. We have people that have coordinatedly lied to you
And even faked rivalries between one another
And the reason why is because you know this picture would be better
This picture would actually be better testing one to this picture would actually be better if we did this
This is really what we're dealing with right now, and if we don't do this
We're never gonna break free. That's what I know for sure
Well, you can see that I did not wash my face this morning with a cold
Rag of water. I look a little shiny. Sorry about that. This this ten o'clock show
Ten o'clock show is gonna take a little adjustment
I'm gonna keep doing it though because it's really invigorating to have the whole afternoon to prepare for the next day to look
Into things to follow up
And I think this this work that we've been doing
with regard to the
With regard to prions and and virology and the Baltimore class of education scheme and the infectious cycle
Is really paying off. I'm so excited. I'm just so excited
You
Now it might go to the wrong slide because I didn't change that I bet because I wasn't gonna planning to do that whole beginning
Oh, no, we're good
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga on biological high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologists
It is the first of May
2024 in May of 2020. I was already suggesting that a background signal might be
Misconstrued as spread and that previous immunity to previous RNA viruses was likely sufficient in that we shouldn't listen to these people
And it's now
21 22 23 24 it's technically four years later
And although the sophisticated
Biological understanding of the of the most parsimonious explanation
For what has happened over the last five years almost is is in front of us now. It's five years
Five years of coordinated lying
has brought us to where we are today and
I think it is still relevant to always start the show within traumascular injection of any combination of substances with the
Antibogmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and thousands of biological faculty members in the United States
And around the world should have done known better should have spoken up
Should have waved their arms
Unfortunately, there were only a few of us who did and RNA cannot pandemic is something that anyone with a PhD in biology
Should be able to rub their little beard for a little while and think wow, that's a pretty clever way of
Challenging my notions of what I understand
And then maybe they should use PubMed and start looking into it and pull their head out
It's
Stop hiding within your own little field in your own little question your own little subunit
And start asking big questions about biology because we are being enslaved by this mythology
And we need your help
So the hypothesis that we have if you're still with us is that the who declared a pandemic of a dangerous novel virus
But there was none. In fact, it was a hot background
In fact, it was nonspecific PCR tests. In fact, it was probably nonspecific lateral flow tests
it was probably nonspecific PCR primers that were
Were hand-waved into a signal that was already there
But it's a crime. We've called the police. We don't have to explain the motives of the criminal
We don't have to explain the plan and unfortunately
That's what we've been tricked into doing for the last four years and responding to these
so-called dissidents
What's exactly happened then mr. Cooley? Well, you know, I don't know these people are lying about it
And I think you might be coordinated lying with them
That's where we are
To think that governments and non-governmental organizations like the who are interested in taking over the world
And yet somehow or another they wouldn't have people on both sides playing for them
Like they wouldn't have enough money to plant a few people inside of I don't know some organization here or an organization there
Maybe
Actually inspire a few dissident movements or support a few substacks
In order to make sure that their control over where this narrative went
Was pretty dominant
You don't think that in addition to censoring a few people on twitter and facebook that they would have actually not
Propped up a few people right away from the beginning to make sure that they had people on their team in both places or all places
Can we really still be that naive at this point to believe that it's just governments and it's just fauci versus rann paul
It's just hekel health alliance and usad versus the people who want to tell the truth
Really? Do you really believe it's just corporations trying to take advantage of a money hose
It has nothing to do with the weaponized piles of money that have existed for four or five hundred years on earth
Come on ladies and gentlemen, can we wake up and apologize to our children for being so naive?
I don't know. I think
I think this is probably going to be the wrong slide. So i'm just going to escape out of here right now assuming that it is
Um, and we're just going to start this thingy mobov that i've got planned
Uh, I found another video of
Of
James Giordano
And I had put it in my list
Of possible study halls a long time ago
I don't know when because I I edit the same document all the time as this list
Um, and what's interesting is is that since I had put it in the list and it has to be since I put it in the list
Um, it has become unlisted
Which is interesting. So I don't know how long we've been hammering home the idea that James Giordano
um
Is an interesting figure because he's a forward facing public outspoken person on the internet about these
Mythologies and these worst case scenarios, right?
I
Coffee's almost gone and it's actually still warm. So hold on one second
Anything that can ruin the hour that follows it. It's cold cup of coffee. Um, so what I find interesting about it is again
Was that this this si PRI?
Video has been made unlisted since I found it, which is kind of interesting
Um, and of course James Giordano is the guy that you know
He says you just see the few cases here and there with something that makes people complain
And then the rest of it you just use the internet and let all the wild
Speculation about what's going on and let non specific tests do the rest of the work
Let asymptomatic transmission and the rumor of it do the rest of the work
That's basically the story that he told in 2017 and that everybody really wants to ignore
And the only people that are
Not really ignoring it are trying to twist it around and say see James Giordano admits it
It's the DoD that did it
One of the problems and I'll just say it very quickly one of the problems with saying the DoD did it is that the DoD doesn't do things
They're not told to do
The chain of command doesn't end at the DoD and no matter what anybody wants to tell you the chain of command goes far
That the buck doesn't stop there so to speak
And so don't be drawn in to think that the DoD solves the question or you pulled the mask off now
When ditra is still there when the state department is still there when the
entire department of health and human services is there to declare the emergency in the first place and the entire administrative
Body of the president and everybody below including the director of national intelligence is all there
Why in the world would you stop at see it's the DoD?
I see that's what I had going over there. That's why that was down. Sorry about that
So we're going to watch this video because I think we're probably going to find some interesting things in it and more importantly
Because I think it's a nice
break
From the studying that we've been doing and I've been doing in the background
I've actually
Accomplished a lot more than what we've shown in the past
Few days or weeks with regard to prions and protein folding
amyloidosis and
Priana genesis
I've been working
um, and so
If there's anybody out there who's waiting for me to drop the ball on these subjects or to make a mistake that
Do you think that you're going to be able to distort into CJ's gone full?
Full crazy town
You're going to be sorely disappointed by the end of the month of May the
the illusion
and the mysteries
and the
Sort of edge of our understanding with regard to prions and protein folding and and virology and RNA fidelity
And all of this stuff
I think we're going to be very close to having a pretty succinct answer to these questions
In the context of what we know and don't know
What people have said and not said and what is plausible in the context of other biology because that's the main issue here
Is that people
I don't know
This is one of these rants where it just comes out of nowhere, but a lot of these people I've convinced you are convinced us
To focus on other things other than the details of this biology
And I'm afraid that we are right and we have been right all along when we say that the way out is biology
All we have to do is just do the work that's necessary
To really find out what are these people know and what don't they know
We can look at their papers. We can look at what they've published. We can look at what they've said
We can make little cartoons that correspond to what they've said and what they've found
And if those cartoons don't tell a story that ends with you only need one pre-on
If those stories that they tell don't end in see us you can design a protein to be an amyloidogenic protein
If that's not true
Then you will have to come to the conclusion that the people that have been pushing these stories
four years
in the context of covid and decades before that
are medlers
They are people who are involved in something else other than america
and
peaceful existence
Because that's what all of us are involved in
I'm just a very normal guy
Who if possible would love to have a kind of normal job with colleagues that I wanted to high five every day
I
Work that I was proud of
And be able to coach basketball and and and watch
A show or go to a basketball game or or or
Go to my daughters pianos recital but
not
Concerned about people dying on other planet on other continents
not concerned about
Stealing of thousands of or or hundreds of of billions of dollars
Not worried about whether a war was real or not
Not worried about whether immigration was going to destroy the futino
That's me and and and yet somehow or another we are here now
Where all of us are are asking these crazy questions and thinking about these crazy ideas
instead of worrying about basketball practice and piano recitals
and the local school board meeting
And that's by design
And the human mind as a battlefield is a wonderful title that accentuates what's really happening here
And all we have to do is pull back and realize that this we put our heads inside of a box
That's filled with this cacophony
this cacophony about Ukraine and Israel and and and
covid and mandates and
free speech and censorship and
Transhumanism and and transgender rights and all you got to do is pull your head out of that box and it'll all stop
And
None of those are questions that you need answers to you already have the answers
Those aren't the most important questions for our day
The most important questions for our day is how do we if not
Make the lives of the people around us better
How do we understand how
To pull other people's heads out of that box and I think the way to pull other people's heads out of that box is to show them
That this box has been in construction for a very very long time
And remember what we did yesterday. I'm glad this flowed into my head this way
Remember what we did yesterday do not forget that the title is a little deceptive when it says ransand yellow and virology
It was also the spars document
And the spars document is that as I characterized it yesterday this public facing brochure
Of a program that has a classified part
That has a closed doors part that has a lanyards only part
And that part includes the population control part the reduced birth rate part the increased collection of data part the screening of babies part all of that shit
And
The need for maximum compliance the need for uniformed messaging
The need to lie to the public in order to assure that we get to these endpoints
And as the spars document lays out, it's not a plan that was a couple months where oh my gosh
There's a novel virus. We've got it back to truck up
And
Then a few months later the alarm goes off and somebody declares all clear like Brett Weinstein zero
COVID has been reached and shoots a flare
The spars document outlined a decade long story
And if you think of the spars document as a public facing brochure of an actual secret plan
Then that secret plan would also be a decade long plan
And
You can think of James Giordano as a public facing salesperson for what surely has
Also a secret component a lanyard only component a for your eyes only component
Otherwise, how in the hell could it be that this guy is all over the internet and it's no problem for them
The same reason why the spars document has been around for a few years and it's no problem for them because it's a public facing brochure
for a secret plan a
Back room plan
Just like you know at every corporation there are discussions in the boardroom that are pretty brutal
And that don't take into account the well-being of every worker or every
Contractor or whatever because it's all about profit
You know dang well that we are governed in that way, you know dang well that banks think that way
You know dang well that private equity funds think that way
They all think of us as consumers the word consumers means sheep
Let's listen to this and see if we can cheer ourselves up with it because I do think that James Giordano is a wonderful speaker
super energetic and he gets me really excited about the level of
malevolent
Bamboozlement that has been
That has been unleashed upon us over these many many years
And I still don't know why I left and I still don't have my damn water bottle
I'm gonna have to send out a smoke signal for that
I'm gonna just gonna hit play and I might speed it up. It's an hour long and it's 11
And fearless not doing a class today. So technically we can just watch it. It's gonna be a long one
Um, here we go
I
See this thing in the chat. I just wanted to comment on it m tam fisher says universities now are private trust funds
Not education centers. I want you to think about that
How did those trust funds come to exist?
They want you to believe it's just because they've got a lot of really rich people that
Graduated from there and then decided to donate some of their money to the university
Of course all of these weaponized piles of money that you are correct that these universities are
Were created because the us government
Subsidize them with Pell grants
Subsidize them with student loans a lot of these people
Like my dumb self went to a private university and got half of the tuition paid by a Pell grant
And so it seemed like wow that's interesting
It's basically the same amount of money as the university of wisconsin-madison. I might as well go there
And now we're supposed to blame all of those kids
Which I admit I'm dumb. I went there and signed a piece of paper
But I also had another kid on the other side of the table that was only 24 years old
That was a financial aid advisor that was telling me to sign that piece of paper because everybody's doing it
And every person that signed that piece of paper was another person that was bringing in about 45 thousand dollars in that time
To that university in the form of grants and loans
all subsidized by the us government
And now we're supposed to blame those kids for wanting a college education that they were brainwashed into believing
Was their only way to climb the ladder since they were a child?
Because their parents were brainwashed into giving them that information
And now that system wants you to blame those kids for their student loans
Even though they were told that was the only way to go forward
And there were all these programs government programs to make it really easy for kids that didn't have a plan to go to that college anyway
Where they're paying their deans hundreds of thousands of dollars a year where they're paying their their football coaches millions of dollars a year
Their basketball coaches millions of dollars a year. But oh these giant piles of weaponized money
They're all good. They're great. They're just from big donors
This is the illusion that they've got us in
The limited spectrum of debate. Oh, you can bitch about student loans and whether they're fair or not
Or whether it's fair to pay them off for people or not
And just forget about the fact that what they really did what those really represent is a giant subsidy over the past 25 or 30 years
for the universities
Because the the result wasn't a bunch of rich middle-class americans, right?
The investment in the universities resulted in powerful universities
That are now on board with this shit
So
Please see that student loan debate for what it is
It's just a limited spectrum of debate. That's like a shouting match between two things that don't matter
What we should have been saying is that wow
They we let my our parents let
The government and universities sucker us into this thing and sign on the dotted line
When in reality it was just a race to see how many kids can we get to sign this
Because the government's going to give them money and we are going to get it all
So how many people can we get to sign these papers? I don't know. Let's see
We've got 25 years to see how many people we can get to sign that
And it's not very much different here with the biosecurity state
How many years have been they working to get people to sign on to this?
How many how many years have been they working to get people on board that they knew weren't going to rock the boat that accepted everything about this
That we're all about it
Has a way of governing people as a system of being a part of it
And now you see why the university system doesn't like a guy like me
Through me out never gave me tenure. I never stood a chance
It's a great point. Thank you for bringing it up. Sorry. I went nuts
Guaranteed funding means schools can cost as much as they want. Absolutely
How else do you think columbia gets away with charging $62,000 a year?
Absolutely, that's the way and I got sucked into it too. I'm not happy about it
I'm not complaining about it. I'm just saying I know from firsthand experience
How easy it is to go into a financial aid office at 18 years old in a city that's
Five hours away from where you grew up and sign a piece of paper that says yeah, I'll pay back that in four years
It's extremely easy
Because they were
They were doing it. That was their business model. The more the better
That's why they could send these representatives to your high school with a fancy slide show
They only had to get one or two students at every school they went to in order for that to be worth it
It's an entire
Four years of tuition. Don't you see it?
I
Imagine if you had a product that the government was willing to fund people
Loans and grants in order to in order to buy it
And all you got to do is sell it imagine that
Then imagine that kids have been told this is going to be the greatest four years of your life
Where you get to cheer for football teams and drink beer for four years
Imagine that combination of things
And then and then blaming the kids for it
That's how messed up they have us in our heads
And now imagine how easy it would be to get us to believe that there was a virus when there probably was already just a background that they're lying about
It's just incredible. I mean if they lie together if they work together
They could convince us of almost anything. That's where we really need to understand
We start that's the baseline here
If your parents work together to lie to you as a kid you're done that you're going to believe that
If your teachers work together to lie to you whatever they lie to you about at school, it's going to be tough to break
And if the people on tv and social media coordinated the lie to you
Because of a national security priority that everyone accept the fact that a
Pandemic occurred hey global
National security priority that everyone accepted a pandemic occurred and that it was okay not only that but it was
A plan to lie to you about it in a very coordinated fashion with a limited spectrum of debate with bad guys and good guys
Both working for the state
Now you're starting to get an idea of what fifth generation warfare really is
And why they tell you that you can never figure it out
Well, I'm telling you you can figure it out
I'm telling you you can figure it out by understanding that it is simply coordinated lying
And people pretending to oppose one another pretending to have an argument pretending to take a stand pretending to be a whistleblower
And it's a combination of all these pretenders that has brought us where we are to where we
The vast majority of the population think that they solve the mystery along with everybody else that it looks like the us
Actually funded the research that led to the eventual
Seating of the pandemic
All right, sorry
Just the way it is
I'm going to go here and
A warm welcome to the technology day of the Stockholm security conference and the session on the human mind as a battlefield
I'm sibilabel the director of studies for armament and disarmament here at sipri the Stockholm international peace research institute
And for those of you who are joining for the first time we have four thematic days of this Stockholm security conference
Yesterday we focused on international law tomorrow
It will be strategies and doctrines and on Thursday. We will focus on the protection of civilians
And we will be concluding the conference with a peace prize ceremony in iper belgian
Which will connect the battlefields of the past with the battlefields of the future
Today we have one more session which will be on current trends in missile technology and missile proliferation will be which will be just after this one
But now onto the human mind and just like the quantum technology sessions earlier today
We will now zoom in on one technology area and explore
implications for current warfare and for future warfare and like quantum
It's a very complex. It's a very fast moving area with many interconnections to different technologies
And many of us in the arms control community have come across terms like brain hacking
Neuraling human announcement super soldiers brain computer interfaces
Some of it we've seen science fiction movies some of it we've heard about in the real world and we're all trying to make sense of it
And trying to figure out what's hype what are we missing?
um, what
Of the applications that we think are science fiction are actually real and where is it the other way around?
So we are very lucky to have with us today
one of the world's leading experts on this issue
And I should also say that unfortunately professor knoll had to cancel his participation this morning due to unforeseen
And unforeseeable circumstances
But we have with us professor judano who could actually fill all day and actually all week I believe on this topic
So there will be um plenty to explore in the next hour or so. I'll just say if you weren't about his background
So he is professor of neurology iochemistry and ethics at jolston university
And also a bioethicist of the defense medical ethics center
He's a fellow both at the us naval academy at the naval more college
And science advisory fellow of the joint staff at the pentagon and direct of the institute for bio defense research
And has written many books around this on this subject
So i'm sure you'll agree with me that we are very lucky
to have him with us at this session
So
Dr professor jodana will first give an introductory presentation about the state of play current potential future military applications
And then there will be a chance for you to ask questions
I would ask you for that to use the q&a function and not to use it for statements
Please only put in questions
And I will then draw on that pool of questions and put them to jimbo
The q&a section, but would that now over to you jim?
Thank you very much mr. spower and so again, thank you to each and all of you for having me here
It's a privilege and an honor to present at this forum
And I think the title of the forum is very important. I mean not just the brain or the mind as the 21st century
Battlescape
But also the implications of what current science and technology can do
The way it may be used
the way it most likely will be used and what that infers for stances of preparedness readiness
And the sustainability for peace particularly given the the very influential role
That the brain mind will play in a variety of subtle influences in the way we think feel and act
and perhaps a larger question is
What needs to be done in terms of multinational engagement guidance and oversight?
So as to maintain an ethical course forward while being very realistic and appreciating the multinational nature of the enterprise
If we consider neuroscience and technology to be evermore so he kind of fight entity
Hello, I mean doesn't he just kind of say it already right there. Isn't he just saying that it's an international?
enterprise
So it's a global effort
And the human mind is the battlefield
It's a global effort to convince us of something
And again, remember this is the public facing brochure of something that actually has a very
Large classified component. I'm sure of it. Obviously. I mean, why could you argue that it doesn't?
And this guy's job is to provide the public facing component and probably also the part of the
the
closed session component as well
At least he's probably more aware of it than we are
But to the extent to which
What behind the scenes is super technology and scary nanobots
and advanced AI versus a bunch of people who are coordinatively lying about those things
Is really up for grabs and I would argue that we should always err on the side
Of exaggeration and lies because as peter teals so eloquently said
The specialization and a lot of these fields has made it very easy for people to lie and exaggerate
And so that's where he starts with regard to thinking about these things from quantum physics all the way up to
What I would call virology is also right in there
And
See how exciting this is now because we're able to really
Work through this in a way that that keeps people
objective
And keeps people able to keep their eye on the ball which is reminding people over and over again remember
Coordinated like not just one liar
But a liar who is telling a lie which harmonizes with other lies
It's
It's a very very
Magic spell that's why I call it an enchantment lies that harmonize
With other lies are very convincing especially if mixed in there are a couple chords of truth
And this guy is one of the masters
And
We refer to this as neuro
S&T and the reason for that is quite simple in that there's a relative
Inseparability between the science
That is to say the understanding and and insights that we gain to the mechanisms of the nervous system in the brain
And what that infers for the functions of brain most broadly construed to be mind
But perhaps more metaphysically if not practically construed to be
identity
self
decisions
feelings
And the expression of same in a variety of interactions from the personal to the political
But over and above I would argue that that because we are a pattern integrity the sacred biology
dictates
That these things are not separable
So it's interesting for example that around the world you can find lots of institutes that are called the so-and-so brain mind
institute
As if brain and mind is something that we can talk about as separate
entities
That one doesn't come from the other or isn't part of the other or isn't the same thing or whatever it is
This is a part of that magic spell which is
Designed to take a little peg away or drop the level of reverence that you have
For what you are as a a sacred bee
And that brain mind idea has been going around for a very long time and for a very long time
I was under its spell and so that's why I feel a very
Important need to pause it there because brain mind
Anytime you hear someone say that is already a duopoly which suggests a kind of
lack of
sophistication that you can pull the brain away and study it like a clock without
Really having to address
the
Question of mind or experience or consciousness or soul or spirituality
And that is a that that in and of itself is an enchantment. So be very aware of that
Above that is that this science has given the ability to assess the brain
access the brain
And affect the brain
And the science those last two are completely wrong we can measure things
but we can't
Read it and we can't program it. So that's that's that's impressive
Has been capableized by
Capable eyes tool set. He said to capitalize
By an increasing
A toolkit set of technologies
Those technologies have allowed us to advance certain theoretical constructs about the brain
But have also taken us to the limit
Of our capabilities to assess and affect the brain and therefore have prompted the development of new tools
So what that affords us
Is the actual capability to harness and engage neuroscience and its technologies
in what has increasingly become known as integrative scientific convergence
Relative desiling of the physical
natural life
I have heard a lot of people talking about bio-convergence and and sending me things that you got to talk about bio-convergence
um
The very short thing would be for me that bio-convergence is another one of these
Enchantments that if you think about it and try to understand it
you are you are accepting its relevance and
What's what's bio-convergence mean unless you really allow them to put shit in your head or implant stuff under your skin?
What is it then otherwise?
Bio-convergence is not
Carrying around a cell phone even though they would like you to believe that that's that's part of bio-convergence. This thing still remains a tool
It's a very very small
laptop
That if you put the right apps on it can also be kind of annoying
um
But if you just think about what this is it's just a connected little iPad
that you can put annoying things on or
Mentally disabling things on
Um
This is not bio-convergence yet
Um, even if you put earphones in your head, it's not really bio-convergence yet
Um, what they want you to think is that that's uh, that's a normal
Uh a continuous let's say a continuous progression
They want you to believe that you're already on the progression so you might as well accept the future stages of that progression
And that's the illusion the enchantment and the lie
Bio-convergence doesn't happen unless we allow it to happen
Bio-convergence isn't an inevitability
Convergence hasn't already happened because people took back seats
And bio-convergence isn't happening because we have cell phones
Bio-convergence is an a concept that's supposed to give you the idea that you're already on some slippery slope
So you might as well just lay back and slide. No
be careful
And social sciences
In those ways that provide a more three-dimensional understanding of what the brain and its functions are
And how the brain and its functions can be assessed
accessed and effective
And the nature of those effects
Smart supositories
Smart supositories, you know, the thing is they could get people to use those now
I think that would be the old maybe we should get the
What is it the the babylon b should do a story about a uh an ai that you can put up
Instead of a pin
I think most probably is aimed at what I would consider to be the quote low hanging fruit in other words
Much of the driver of contemporary neuroscience and technology is aimed at biomedical purposes
If you will
Relatively benevolent ends wanting to do good
To improve the human condition to reduce the human predicament of disease
Injury and perhaps even the frailties that are a consequence of our finitude and aging
But please understand to paraphrase the works of philosopher alistair macIntyre
We have to ask
What good?
Which rationale?
Who's justice?
What we may see whoever the proverbial we are as being a viable good
Can also be seen in certain ways as providing inequities
inequalities or in some cases
Frank engagements
Arms and burdens to others
I mean, I have a nice way of summarizing this a while ago
I used to say that there are two types of people in the limited spectrum of debate. There are either these
stupid complicated people
And I think one example might be judy mikovits another example might be james giordano
otherwise, it's the dumb simple people like paul off it or or
Or angi rasmuson or
Who are other dumb simple people
You know, it's just a very simple solution
duh
And then the other people have like all these big words and all this stuff to say
I still don't know if he said anything real other than trying to justify
himself as an ethicist and
the fact that he can he can dissect the ethical questions down to sub questions and sub questions of
It's pretty impressive
But over and above that understand if we can use any science in the Jordan Peterson of Georgetown
That's a great one
It really is only a case of how we define good
And then whether or not that science and technology can be used in a way that is withheld from others to prevent them from accessing those goods and enjoying those goods
Or can be inverted
As a consequence be used to incur burdens risks and harms to others
Okay, we gotta speak
So what we can see is that by understanding the brain and the pretty girls it gives us the capability
Of affecting human activities
I mean individual group and perhaps even population levels
And these effects can influence a variety of postures including postures towards peace
Postures of vulnerability and volatility
Postures of violence and bellicosity
And of course, I think it becomes critical to understand that like any science and technology throughout human history
The capability of potential and the allure of using cutting edge science and technology
In ways that could be leveraged in a variety of competitive engagements from the economic all the way to the bellicose
Is reality
So if we consider those ways that these realities are enacted
We must understand the existing domains in which neuroscience and technologies are employed in what was formally referred to as NSI
Applications national security intelligence and defense operations
National security misnomer with that because in some ways
National what are these here
Well, there's a bit of a misnomer national security intelligence and defense opera national security intelligence and defense operations
All these acronyms
When do you think this talk is from it's from 2021
This is during the pandemic he's talking like this as if the pandemic isn't going on as if we didn't
This is the stock home security conference in 2021
This was uploaded December 15th 2021 almost 2022
Coordinated lying across the entire spectrum of the limited spectrum of debate
Coordinated lying even these lies are coordinated with some of the lies about the vaccine schedule that are being told
These lies are coordinated with the opposition to the vaccines the opposition
To the vaccine schedule that seems to always fight for free speech rather than just say the vaccine schedules criminal
How many times have you heard somebody say I just want I just want randomized controlled trials for vaccines? I just want vaccines tested
I only woke up two years ago, ladies and gentlemen
I'm still pulling my head out, but I'm telling you a lot of these people who
Claim that they are the dissident that they are the resistance that they
Have risked life and limb
They have put everything on the line because this is for all the marbles they're liars
And they are part of this coordinated
Harmonized set of lies
Remember it's many weaponized piles of money. They're not dumb
They don't just control a few news broadcasts
They haven't just started doing this since they were
You know since they declared it or since they got lucky
Nothing happened in 2020
That wasn't planned
Nothing happened in 2020 wasn't already on a list
Of acts
It's a theater show
And the fact that this guy can give this talk at the end of 2021 at the beginning of 2022
And have not mentioned anything to do with the pandemic yet at all
Is almost a direct admission to me that the pandemic is in and of itself exactly what he is going to explain right here
it is a war on the human mind it is a
A a national security intelligence and defense operation
Designed to convince the global population that something happened that did not happen
So that they can be governed by that misunderstanding that mythology forever
Operations
Well, there's a bit of a misnomer with that because in some ways it whitewashes the scenario
Perhaps more appropriate is to understand how neuroscience is in their technologies can be employed in warfare
Intelligence and what various collectives view to be
agendas and initiatives of national security whatever nations they may be
Here I alluded to some of the wonderful work
I had the privilege and honor of undertaking with my colleagues of the European Union human brain
Projects focal group the European Union human brain project. So he's really not just an American
He's connected to other global interests other weaponized piles of money other other other political interests
George town
On dual use brain science and a nod
Professor dr. Katinka Evers of
In Sweden as well as any of my colleagues that were participatory in that working group
But I think what becomes important to understand is a consequence of some of the results of our working group deep dive
Is that the ability to surveil?
Oversea guide and perhaps govern the brain sciences
Is highly contingent upon the understanding that these brain sciences are multinational in their enterprise and in their effect?
And so the discourse must widen and in many cases is de-electic
Please understand
At this point in time there are a number of neuroscientific tools and technologies
That are viable if not already updated into warfare intelligence and national security operations and agendas
Nothing i'm about to tell you science fictional
It is all science fact in terms of what is currently available or is what at high technological readiness level
So it's to be made available for the next two to five years. Wow. All right. How can we use these techniques and technologies?
Let's hear it any aspect of medicine and in this case we need to consider military medicine
I feel like he's about to show me all kinds of different timeshares that I can choose from
But when we're considering military medicine, it's not just a question of what we can do to treat those members of the military
When in fact they are injured or or ill
But what can we do?
Preventatively
Here we see a gray zone arising working if you will
Left of bang where bang is some event that induces trauma insult injury or change
Can we work to the left of that?
Can we for example employ the neuro sciences and technologies in areas of preventative military occupational medicine?
To restore what we may consider to be hope
an acronym for maintaining health
instilling
operational and occupational protection and enabling
These personnel to do their job affect those missions more capably and effectively and did you hear that? Did you hear that?
Isn't that funny military occupational medicine?
um
Is it just the enchantment that this guy can cast is oh, sorry
his spectacular?
Military occupational medicine is what he means by that is augmenting soldiers
Maybe make it so that they can't feel emotion for a few weeks
Maybe so that they don't feel any remorse for a few weeks. These are the kinds of things that he's imagining. It's pretty impressive
Those ways that will enhance their survivability
Keep them protected and ultimately may also affect the way they interact with competitors or adversaries
hope
HOP what are we hoping to do when we consider
Operational and occupational protection and enabling the combat warfighter
the intelligence operator
military personnel of all types to do their jobs better
Well, this then gives rise to the idea of what constitutes optimization
What constitutes enhancement if in fact optimization and enhancement differs from some form of treatment
Particularly when healthy individuals are involved and what are the implications?
For taking individuals beyond some stated norm and is that not on one level or another
The implicit if not explicit goal of almost any professions training and certainly military intelligence train to be the best of the best
To do those jobs well and to do them in a way that provides some advantage to one's own forces
Against other forces whoever they may be
Which gets us back to the idea of what is good
If a military what is any or some operational national security institution or organization for ports to be able to protect
The ideology ideals ways of life things that are held viable the kin kit the polis or some political
Agency or organization then that's held as a viable good and can be used to justify the applications of these types of techniques and technologies
Perhaps in some of more gray zone operations the neuroscience is can also be paired to intelligence operations
To afford increased cognitive capability for intelligence operators and systems to be linked to computational systems
So as to be able to discern more accurately what may be an intelligence viable signal from what may be noise
Whether that's a human intelligence signal intelligence communication intelligence
And of course the issue there becomes what are we actually doing?
Can we also not only affect the way we perceive and gain intelligence?
But can we use this in a proactive way?
In other words for psychological or what's now referred to as neuro cognitive operations nco's
To create more viable narratives propaganda if you will
Images to therefore create impressions
Experiences in others that affect them in certain ways that we now have a deeper understanding
Maybe we could stage an event in New York City hospitals where we
Made it seem like through a combination of fraud and
And getting rid of a lot of people that were already sick
We could create the illusion of a pandemic and then say that it was the start of something very deadly and get everybody to lock down
And then we can show them some images from around the world of people passing out and give them the experience
Holy shit. Did you hear what he just said? I'm gonna go back and play it again. It was so good
That's incredible
To be linked to computational system
So as to be able to discern more accurately what may be an intelligence viable signal from what may be noise
Whether that's a human intelligence signal intelligent
You mean like a podcast with real reach that you might need to you know co-opt
Maybe a message or or a or a person that you need to co-opt
You could use an algorithm to find that you could use programming and social media
To make sure that those people had reach only where you wanted to have it
Or you could make sure that you got somebody in front of them
That could step in front of them and claim to be an expert doing a bunch of analysis
For example like have sashilatapova step in front of somebody like katherine watt
And pretend that she did all the research and never mentioned katherine watt again
Take over the narrative of it's the d o d
And then we can put her all over the internet and let katherine watt sit at home
And pretend that and feel comfortable that sash is representing me very well
When in reality she's not
When reality she's part of this this thing this show this theater
Interestingly, this is in stock home
In 2022. I wonder if we looked up when
when
sashilatapova was on stage with maryll nass and robert malone
When maryll nass said something about the state the department and robert malone almost visibly
I wonder when that was that might have been in 2022. Isn't that weird
It's all one big show ladies and gentlemen
And the show has lots of of different acts and different stages
And so if you're in this
Group of people following this group of people through this part of the bureaucracy
You would have seen this part of the show if you were in australia
And you were a nurse you would have seen that part of the show
And if you were in japan and you were a street vendor you would have seen that part of the show
And all the show is different but all the show
Somewhere inside of every one of these shows are the same group of people with the same core message
There was a virus that killed millions of people probably came from a lab
That's why we should control demolish america
And turn to a global system because these these countries by themselves they don't work
They're just they're just a big problem
And so collectively you have bankers doing it you have
You have representatives and senators doing it you have presidential candidates doing it
They're all part of it
They're all part of this
Weaponized piles of money global governance structure and they all want a bigger piece of the pie
They all know that this ship is sinking
And so we've got to come together as the peasants
We've got to come together as the people that are renting our house
We've got to come together as the people that only have five hundred and thirty four dollars in their bank account at the start of a month
Legends communication intelligence
And of course the issue there becomes what are we actually doing?
Can we also not only affect the way we perceive and gain intelligence?
But can we use this in a proactive way?
In other words for psychological or what's now referred to as neurocognitive operations nco's
To create more viable narratives propaganda if you will
Images to therefore create impressions
Experiences in others that affect them in certain ways that we now have a deeper
Understanding of how we can affect the brain to elicit emotional
Behavioral and perhaps even community and cultural responses. And what does that mean?
On one it's a funny conversation to have with my chat
And I do think that you know, james giro dino's message isn't going to be that great
So we don't have to necessarily always listen to this
I do think that we the people really are only hope and I do think the very idea of money itself
Maybe one of the ultimate weapons. I absolutely agree fiat money is an ultimate weapon
And I do think that there's something earlier that I said that is really relevant to this discussion that we are considered consumers
People who buy stuff
And that's our function in american society in capitalist society. I'm not saying capitalism is good or bad or communism is good or bad
I'm saying that
our culture is not
singing and dancing and music and
sport and
and
Well-being
Irrespective of what we might be led to believe it is our culture is consumerism our culture is materialism our culture is having things
That other people can see
And so when we fight for america, we want to be very careful about what we're fighting for because i'm not fighting for that
I'm fighting for
sport. I'm fighting for dance. I'm fighting for jazz music. I'm fighting for live music. I'm fighting for
chorus and choir
concert band and symphonies
I'm fighting for comedy
and
Genuine science that's not preparean falsification of null hypotheses. I'm fighting for big ideas
and big visions of the future imagining things that
aren't and why not
And a lot of these people aren't doing that a lot of these people are just telling a story
And no matter where they go and what message they give they're always telling the same story
It's not a message of hope. It's a message of giving up on america. It's not a message of hope
It's a it's a message of giving up on your neighbor. It's not a message of hope
It's a message of of doom and gloom
And that's not what giga ohm biological is about that's not the faith that I have
That's not the feeling I have that's not the hope that I have
That's not the world that I see when I look into the eyes of my children
I see a world of a lot of strife and turmoil a lot of lies and frustration to come
But I also see a lot of light
Because this stuff doesn't even make any sense anymore. This stuff is just ridiculous now
And and and the beauty is is that there is real biology out there. There's real stuff out there
There's a real world out there and we just have to take it back
We just have to where did I say in the beginning got to pull your head out of that box
Where all that noise is
Listen for the birds again
Listen to your kids play the piano again. Listen to the squeak of the shoes on the basketball floor again
Listen to the sound of a shovel in the dirt again
Listen to the sound of a lawn mower or your favorite music
That's where we're going, baby. That's where we're going
We're going back and we're going forward at the same time. We're going left or right
Or we're going sideways. We're going not where they want us to go
We're going to lead ourselves
away from this
Transhuman nightmare that they want us to accept as just the
Inevitable reality slippery slope that we're on that's ridiculous
Half of this stuff doesn't even exist even though he just insisted that all of us is his reality right now or in the next five years
You mean like curtweilers curtweilers says that in 15 years there will be no disease and he can upload his brain into a computer or AI
It's just a different time frame a different time scale to try and bully you into accepting these concepts. Let's do it
Certainly, I think that the idea
The intent and perhaps the hope is that by better understanding the way our brains work
Will gain greater insight and appreciation for those things we have in common
Be able to bridge our differences and in so doing facilitate improved communication to avoid the escalation to volatility
Should we do that?
Solarius. Oh my gosh. That's really funny. That's very similar to saying we turned over all our decision-making to machines
Hoping that we would be happier and in reality all we did was turn over our decision-making to the men that control the machines
That's exactly what he's talking about. It's fantastic
Hey, I love it say it again basketball and the loss of american fundamentalism
This is a
Basketball and NBA basketball is a microcosm of that. You know the reason why you should never compare
Michael Jordan and his colleagues to the basketball players of now
the main reason
Because the rules of the game are the same anymore
If the rules of the game aren't the same anymore
Then how can we compare the players of the 80s and the 90s to the players of the 2000s? It's just not there anymore
Because sport isn't what it used to be anymore because they are undermining our culture
They are undermining our identity and they are undermining our sense of right and wrong
That's why the NBA the rules don't get stricter
Wouldn't you think they would get stricter?
You know like when you move the lines back also the lines mean more
Then they do when you're a kid
Maybe you could let kids have an extra half step until they're 12 and then take it away
But instead we give extra steps to the guys that make millions of dollars a year
You see the irony of that it's it's the exact same thing that we're doing in every other facet of our culture
Every other facet of our perceived reality is being inverted and undermined in exactly the same way
And the challenge is to be able to pull back pull back far enough to see that it's all the same
It's all one giant inversion
And that what that's what makes it easy for you to
Focus on and get trapped in one of these small little bubbles and think that wow
This is the most important thing to fight about right now. We better protest about Gaza
It's an amazing enchantment ladies and gentlemen
And this guy is kind of more or less explaining it and really flowery language
What they've done to us over the course of the last four years in a global effort
a national security intelligence and defense operation that was actually a
neuropsychological operation and whatever he whatever thing he used for that
So
Wow ladies and gentlemen, isn't it fun to be here now where we're a couple dominoes ahead of the story
and
As long as we don't get distracted by the shiny objects that are flying around
That we can actually keep moving forward and start to more succinctly
Every day have something to teach our children have some way of counteracting
Of opposing this nonsense. It's it's really feels good
He polyanish
Because the reality is that these tools and techniques offer viable and in some cases estimated valuable capability
To be able to assess and modify the thoughts
Actions and therefore overall stature of others the operational definition if you will of a weapon
Taken from the Oxford English dictionary a weapon is simply a means of contending against others
far more colloquially
We see this in bellicose framework. In other words, it means to
Use the words bellicose twice
Come on, dude. The definition of a weapon is some means of influence deterrence
And the question then becomes kind of brain sciences be weaponized in those ways that may be
Less lethal or non-lethal
Yet their influence be overwhelmingly more powerful in that the effects are getting at the essence of what it means to be
A relatively inviolable space of the self of identity of mind
Of being able to assess and perhaps control thoughts emotions and behaviors
remotely
And it's so being influenced postures of individuals groups collectives and perhaps popular
How could you control things remotely?
Could you do it with the internet?
Could you do it with coordinated lying on the internet? What about coordinated lying plus
Calm
Coordinated programming of what people see online. I wonder if you could control what people think and perceive by doing that
It doesn't have to be nanobots ladies and gentlemen. It doesn't have to be nanobots that are sprayed from an airplane
Can just be coordinated liars
Stick into the same story for many many years
And then when the fire alarm goes off they can say yeah, it's what we told you
I
We are breaking through ladies and gentlemen because we actually hit our face on the brick wall while we were running
And then they told us that that's not a brick wall
And we didn't believe them
And here we are
It's fun times ladies and gentlemen fun times. Thanks for being here with me
Is there some line that's being crossed there whereby this cognitive liberty is being attributed upon to paraphrase
The words of my colleague Nia Farahani at the University of Pennsylvania
Well, I think if we understand weapon in that context
We can then frame the brain sciences into those domains and those tools if you will that could be weaponized in such ways
Generally, we can parse these into two
Non-mutual exclusive and interactive domains
The assessment neuro technologies which include things like various forms of neuroimaging neurophysiological recording
Neurogenomics neurogenetics epigenetics and phenotypics
Neuro proteomics and the use of neuro big data
Which went coupled to decision technologies machining an AI
Creates an omnibus juggernaut of capability to not only acquire data and utilize data
An omnibus or jogger knot of capability like
The guy like eats a thesaurus for breakfast or something
But also to manipulate the data itself whereby assessment immediately can turn into effect
This then brings us into the realm of the interventional neuro technologies
And perhaps worse and foremost if not easiest is the ability to use extant systems of computational technology and engineering together with decision
Technologies big data acquisition and use in various forms of soft to hard AI
To manipulate the data themselves and by manipulating the data on large scales
It may be possible to literally paint a new reality of what an individual is
To can plant information in the large scale databanks make individuals appear to have certain neurological or psychiatric conditions
To affect their capability to do their job by virtue of if you will their profile their their data profile
By affecting aspects of their metadata so that they're regarded and perhaps treated in different ways
economically socially well terribly politically
But wait, there's more
The more we know
The further we can go
And one of the existing concerns is that the ubiquity of what's called bio data particularly neuro bio data
Create certain vulnerabilities and target abilities to be able to create precision pathogens
Now those pathogens need not be the traditional drugs bugs or toxins
They can also be certain devices that can be drugs bugs and toxins now he's going to get into his little groove again about certain things but
um
What what I want to say here are novel pharmaceuticals that's just spraying stuff or lacing things poisoning people
and not a neuro microbiologicals
um could be something like
uh
a
A bacterial infection that also secretes some kind of neurotoxin
Organic neurotoxins again are just chemicals
um
Neurotechnological is not even a word
Um, but he would like you to think it is cyber linked neurocog manipulation
Right now that's just cell phones and apps and social media
Um
I think he's talking about maybe internet linked type things. It's all again. This is bamboozlement. This is enchantment
I don't like the word bamboozlement as much as I like an enchantment. That's what people do when they have the
the tongue of a serpent
They're enchanters
And some people I'm sure have characterized me as an enchanter because he's such a slick talker
He's you know, it's a fake thing, but it this is different
What you experience here is someone trying to understand making mistakes as I do it and expressing a love of biology
Um that has existed in my life my whole life and I don't know what else to do with it
So I complain on the internet about the misrepresentation of biology all over the place
And I didn't realize that that was my calling until this stupid pandemic happened and then only then did I
Awakened from the slumber that I was in as an academy jishian
So I made a lot of mistakes and and shouted about a lot of the wrong things for 2020 and 21
But I also said a lot of the right things in that time
And was encouraged to say a lot of the wrong things by some of the people that are still meddling with us today
That's why I can't stop
I've really seen it from inside. I've talked to these people shake their hands
Taking selfies with them and had them lie to me or backstab me later
It's kind of personal for me
I try to keep it as objective as possible. I would really like to interview this dude someday
Be tuned to individual parameters of anthropometry physiology
To differentially affect individuals in a variety of ways
To direct or compromise their capability
I think we're at a low at the moment because we are so dead on balls accurate and actually a couple
Domino's ahead of them. That's why the the things that are happening right now in sub stack are happening right now on sub stack
People keep writing silly sub stacks without saying the right names or without
Without summarizing in an honest way
And now they're overextending themselves. They look like fools and so it's all just really a matter of time
You just have to keep letting them go farther and farther over the over the tips of their skis
That's that's my that's my plan
Nobody right now has warranted a a stream about any particular person anymore
Because they're making such fools of themselves and the list is very long
All of these people seem to say almost exclusively useless stuff lately
And if it's not useless stuff, it's the stuff that's on the slide with the with the um
with the dune
sound effects
novel virus millions dead gain a function yada yada
It's incredible
And what's fun is to hear it in 2022 this guy gave this talk
And anybody that took him seriously obviously took the gain a function lab leak seriously obviously
They believe that's real. This is this is totally a lie that harmonizes very well with that
And
Of course the story of a gain a function virus that we had to do something about
And transfection was rushed and process one was different than process two is also a lie that harmonizes very well
I'm sorry, but you know sometimes
There's nothing else to do but keep repeating the truth over and over again
And the truth is is that these people are harmonizing liars. It's like a very macabre barbershop quartet
The thought emotion and action and the tenor is is
Is Francis Collins and the baritone is james giardano and the base is uh
Is uh, maybe peter hotez. I don't know
Putting all of these together we see a new toolkit
That essentially engages not only those domains that have been well addressed by
Current language of the biological toxins weapons conventions chemical weapons conventions and various declarations of signatory treaties
But in some ways sidestep that as I hope to show you which which may as we've called for them together with our international colleagues
Necessitate a revisiting if not revision of the language scope and tenor of these existing conventions and trees
New drugs for example that are able to penetrate the brain space far more capable at much lower doses
Is he for example linking pharmaceutical no to nano-engineered scaffolds my cells chaperones that allow
Facial pentate my cells my cells is a word that I learned from robert melon. Actually, that's just a big nano particle
That's funny prints into the brain space sometimes through means that can be rather clandestine or covert
inhalation transdermally and doing so with higher specificity
In fact in some cases targeting these inhaling or going through your skin and you don't even know it
That's great
Pharmaceuticals to be able to work in key individuals or groups of individuals based upon an understanding of their pharmacogenomics and dynamics
Here too, we see the ability to generate novel microbiologicals whether that may be bacteria fungi
Viruses and increasingly there is a worry about the potential weaponization of prions
That based upon individual collective and population information to develop
Weaponizing of prions he said
That's fantastic. Oh my gosh. That's fantastic
Holy shit whether that that's amazing fungi
Viruses and increasingly there is a worry about the potential weaponization of prions
That based upon individual
Or more global more universal creating if you will bellicose value in affecting relatively benign
The general population a conversation you'll have later in your conference
As well, we can utilize various methods of gene editing and synthetic biology to develop organic neurotoxes that are far more stable
Less labile more effective and can be used with precision particularly if and when delivered through the variety of unmanned vehicles aerial ground or sea based
And a variety of technological devices that can be used to augment or change cognitive Oh my gosh
That's brilliant. It would be so much cheaper to start spraying people with DDT and arsenic again
Seriously, this is wonderful. I can't believe he said it. It could already end the stream right now. It's like
This is it. This was the whole reason why this was in my study hall list from I don't know how long it's been there
And how long it got things got piled on top of it. I have not watched it. This is just
Awesome. I don't even know what he's going to say for the next 45 minutes, but it can't be better than that
Things that can be donned or docked for example transcranial magnetic and electrical stimulation vagal nerve stimulation
And there is a robust move forward to create implantable devices
That are non-invasive or minimally invasive in their implantation methods
So as to create next generation neuromodulation that allows real-time access to read from the living brain
And write into the living brain
opening read and write into the brain is the dumbest lie they can tell
I just I am as a neuroscientist. It just makes me want to puke
Because that is like that is so many decades away that we shouldn't probably even use the word decades
It is just ridiculous to think read and write into the brain. That is the most absurd thing
Can you imagine saying listen carefully? Can you imagine saying that you could drill a hole in the side of your your pc
And usefully read and write to it
Do you think there's any way that you could
Usefully penetrate your laptop with a series of probes and wires through a hole that you create
In order to write and read to that laptop how hard would that be to do?
Knowing that we know all about the laptop. We know all about it. We have the schematics. It would still be pretty hard to do
It would be pretty really hard to do. I want you to think about that very freaking carefully
It would be very hard to do
And he just said
He just said it that we're going to be able to do that with our brain
Come on
Such capacity with this ability. I think also comes
Necessary and authentic anticipation and in some cases anxieties and apprehensions
Please understand please understand that it's very different
Read and write in the brain is not the same as
Implanting something that will get an infection or cause an immune reaction or a stroke five years from now
That in the in the short term can be stimulated to get you hungry
Or can be stimulated to sexually arouse you or can stimulate you to need to act or or uh get angry
Yes, we can rudimentary
Rutamentarily stimulate parts of the brain to create certain behavioral patterns or certain impetuses. Yes, we can do that
That's not reading and writing from the brain
That's not usefully augmenting intelligence
That's not correcting depression
That's not any of the things that are implied in this enchantment
And so the reason why if you feel a little negative energy here, it's because this is where I spent
The last 25 years focusing my love of biology on the question of how does the brain work
When I ran into what I considered to be the irreducible complexity of our sacred biology
I often met neuroscientists who said no, that's easy. We can make a model of it
No, that's easy
We can make a model of it
And I have been unable to express the amount of frustration that I've had in
In neurobiology these these past 15 or 18 years working as an academy justion
Not being able to express this appreciation for what we can't know
And the irreverence of all these people that keep talking about how we're going to know it
So that's why I'm here. That's why I'm not giving up on this. That's why I feel like I've got to develop this message rather than give up on it
Because there is a sacred biology to have reverence for there is a sacred biology that's worth trying to understand as much as we can
There is a sacred biology that if expressed correctly and understood correctly
Could result in more reverence for who we are and who our grandchildren are and what our well-being should be
And that's not this message, of course, that's not what James Giordano's message is, but that's also not what Robert Malone's message is
That's also not what Pierre Corrie message is. That's also what not Tony Fauci's message is or
Or any of these other people who purport to be on one side or the other of a limited spectrum of debate about
Whether or not the spike protein was a pre-on gate of function protein or not
We are making huge progress ladies and gentlemen thanks to people like James Giordano and also everybody that supports this stream
Had a lot of you smartasses in the chat. I love it
That the neuroscientists in the development of neurotechnology is not the province of if you will a given few
At present there are multiple large-scale national level brain science initiatives that are pouring billions of currency units into projects in the brain sciences
Again, the most notable direction of these the driver clearly is
Explicit those things that are benevolent wanting to do good reduce the burden of human predicament and disease injury capability
But that capability curve exists along a spectrum
And here too, the ability to utilize the brain sciences to improve our quality of life
Endor to use the brain sciences in preventive ways immediately allows us to confront again the idea of occupational preventive military intelligence medicine
Super soldiers proverbial super spooks the intelligence operator
But recall here too. What is my good may not necessarily be your good
What I and my kin and kiss hold to be valuable defensible
May not in fact be what yours defines to be so
And so the use of advancing tools science and technology inclusive of the brain and cognitive sciences in those initiatives and agendas
That can be used in defensive ways or in some cases
Offensive ways to decapableize others to reduce their will their willingness
Decapableize others
Decapableize. I mean that's uh
That
That's a pretty bad word
In my mind, but that's what they did to us in order to remove our ability to exercise informed consent, which includes saying no
They decapableized us
They decapableized us of exact ex of exercising informed consent another great James Giordano summary statement
They decapableized us of making informed
Decisions about transfection informed decisions about lockdown and their relevance or danger for us
They decapableized us and they decapableized us not with
neurotoxins or nanobots, but with careful coordinated lying
Perhaps the cognitive and physical capabilities which advance towards some level of volatility or violence
Is very very real
But more than that what becomes important to understand is that the underlying philosophies ethics anthropologies and therefore limitations and constraints on the brain sciences
In terms of researching their translation into various practices inclusive of those it could be used for military medicine
And to be used for military warfare intelligence operations different. He's not mk ultra and he's the guy that records the
The recordings that they play for people who are being mk ultra
As a consequence of culture
You know that large scale initiatives of brain sciences are multinational. There's an increasing asian effort to be sure that is explicit
This is advancing develop nations and giving them certain capabilities to leverage the brain sciences in and across
Fusions of governmental initiatives research initiatives and commercial initiatives that very very least could leverage the brain sciences and economic ways to create new balances of power
On medical markets and perhaps even lifestyle if not military markets
As well, what we're seeing is a rise in what has been colloquial referred to as neuro hacking
I wonder if I played this guy at night in my headphones if I would gain his is magnificent vocabulary
Do it yourself community, which not it's not problematic per se
But it's certainly vulnerable to influence and manipulation by state actors and non state actors and the development of proxies both state and non state proxies
Oh
Stage and non state actors state and non state proxies
Maybe like flcc or the american front line doctors or the wellness company or
dare I say
I can
Children's health defense or some of the people in those organizations
Dare I say that I think I do
dare I say that that some of the political parties in america might be part of these state and non state actors and they might even fund proxies
dare I say that non state actors like large weaponized piles of money might fund proxies in order to
wrestle power away from national governments or state governments or to
influence the state or local governments. I mean interestingly
he's saying all of the truth
out loud in big enough words so that
skilled tv watchers won't catch it
but people on the inside will
people that are privy to the the lanyard discussions people that are privy to the
to the to the classified websites they understand exactly what he's saying
and what he's not saying
which a lot of
things that I've learned one of the biggest lessons that I've learned in the pandemic is that everything is an admission
and you should think a bit like a lawyer in that sense everything is admission
and what you don't say or say both of them there are admissions
and one of the things that I think frustrates a lot of people is when they are
not thinking clear enough to understand that everything being said is an admission
and if you read people's sub stacks for example with that in mind the insistence
on certainty about certain certain things becomes an admission
within the global neuroscience community and do it yourself community that can be
manipulated in those ways to affect sovereign states through the infiltration of capabilities
within those states jurisdictions difficulty if you will to monitor for example here in the
united states there is a directed program with our federal bureau of investigation
to work with the do it yourself neuro hacking community in cooperation with interpol
so as to maintain the stringency rigor and if you will ethical probity of that community and
render them somewhat more resistance to infiltration
I do think there's a lot to communication that is nonverbal and I do think that that is
very maladaptively if I'm going to try and talk like him for a second
maladaptively augmented by social media and our cyber presence in other words
you and I talking in this way is not as bad as listening to him
because you and I have an ongoing relationship and you kind of know
you know my mannerisms and my my tendencies and so you you may feel some
connection to knowing when I'm hiding something or knowing when I'm not telling
everything that I should be or when I'm in a bad mood or this kind of thing and so there's a lot
of nonverbal communication that's occurring between us because of our
ongoing relationship that doesn't occur when you meet somebody for the first time in a Zoom meeting
and allows and I would go back to the Peter Thiel thing
allows lies and exaggeration to exist in greater quantity and greater proportion because personal
contact makes that more difficult I don't think it's 80 percent but I do think that that's one of
the reasons why I remind you every once in a while with a slide with a lot of selfies
to remind you that I have met these people in person they've shaken my hand and that means
some of them have lied to me to my face and I would argue that one of the gifts that you get
if your if your parents are abusive one of the gifts that you get if you have then
don't have the optimal childhood is that you have suspicion of adults and you know that adults lie
and if you as a child find out that adults lie even the adults that you trusted the most
then you grow up with a very good sense of when people are lying to you you almost have this
gut instinct I sweat different and I get a little feeling at the top of my head when somebody's
lying to me it's very strange and some of these people have lied to me and only later did I actually
figure it out that wow they really did they freaking looked me in the eye they said a bunch of shit
that wasn't true and hoped that I would accept it and even better they hoped that I would go and
shout it from my stream and occasionally I have and then realize later that it's a mistake that's
the kind of experience that I bring to this if you're joining me for the first time and gotten
this far that a lot of other people don't bring because I've trusted everybody I've given everybody
the benefit of the doubt over the last four and a half years and been bitten most of the time
James Giordano is a gift that doesn't stop giving though I can just keep watching videos of him
and he says things that are worth millions of dollars and so this is no different this has
been a great stream so far by various actors and agents who may have capricious if not nefarious
intent but I think it's also important to understand that these different cultures different countries
bring to the table different histories different needs different values different philosophies
and very often those histories are longstanding and these philosophies anthropologies and values
established distinct ethics and those ethics may be far more permissive than we whoever we may be
would like and in other cases it affords opportunities for things like research tourism can't get it done
here go there well what does that mean is that ethics dumping or is that simply ethical heterogeneity
but clearly what it does is it re-establishes the capability for leveraging the brain sciences
in ways that can be used in multinational relations that range from the economic as I said earlier
all the way to the velocos wow I mean he's just saying it without saying it we could work
together to screw people over if we wanted to and maybe we will with a group of non-state
actors and state actors and state proxies and non-state proxies he said it right there
we could in 2022 he's saying oh boy I mean really it's becoming easier much of the neuroscience
is shared in international form and I'm not making any proposition to decrease that but I think
there is a need for increased responsible conduct of research inclusive of its dissemination and
sharing to be able to understand what's being shared and how it might be used not very different than
the the the advocating for a control I gain a function research because we don't know what
they're doing and we don't want them sharing it with everybody there are a number of tools
and methods that are available off the shelf and as I mentioned previously there are dedicated
efforts by nations and nations in their proxies towards not only developing these capabilities
and brain sciences that could be weaponized but actually putting them into play as recent
evidence would show a case of point such things like no but Chuck the use of a variety of organic
toxins and the still somewhat controversial consideration of the use of various types of
neurologically directed energies so I think it becomes important to recognize that these things
are ready for prime time the technological readiness level has been indeed acknowledged
and appreciated by a number of worldwide groups not only ours working with the new brain project
health organization UNESCO most recently NATO the national academies here in the United
I mean what NATO UNESCO the United Nations World Health Organization can you list any other bad
guys that we would rather not cooperate with like holy shit on a shingle indeed acknowledged
and appreciated by a number of worldwide groups not only ours working with the new brain project
health organization UNESCO most recently NATO the national academies here in the United States
National Research Council all of them recognizing the viability potential bellicose value and realities
of neuroscience and technology as tools what does bellicose value mean does that mean that it can
hurt people or it can be really loud and obnoxious what does he mean by that he said bellicose too
often to I can't ignore it anymore warfare intelligence in national Havana syndrome could be legit but
don't think of it as mind control think of it as maybe they can send a a focused beam of energy
into somebody's brain and it can hurt them I mean is it would it be strange if they could make a
commercial sized microwave and focus it on a on a on a room that it would bother your brain
would that would that surprise you at all that's not the same as remote control
and he can say all these big words but you know if they have a microwave gun that can kill neurons
with heating and that's not a very fancy technology that's not very special
and you could call it neuro something something but it's in reality it's a microwave beam
I mean and that's where I think this stuff gets distorted I think that's what this guy's job is
is to imply that chemicals toxins and focused energy are equivalent to AI control read writing
in the brain and and behavioral modification on a mass scale it's not the same
one doesn't imply the existence of the other but he is very capable of his of of enchanting
his listeners so that those are considered all part of the same thing
some of the more recent discourse for example by the Nuffield Council some of the work of our
group not only with the human brain project but with others have addressed those ways that
you might be able to surveil and oversee these initiatives and agendas
but there is also a sticking point if one of the recommendations and I think perhaps a viable
recommendation is that the brain sciences shall not be up taken into those agendas explicitly
by those countries who sort of embargo will push back on these intents we have to appreciate
not only would that does idiosyncratically within a country or community but what are the
benefits if not burdens risks and perhaps threats systemically because a lack of commitment to
neuroscientific technological research development testing does not in any way preclude others
research and I would argue dude for peace that actually the people that push the the human genome
project are also fake it until we make it salesman I would say that the people that pushed the viral
causes of of chronic chronic fatigue syndrome are fake it till we make it salesman that mark
actually identified a pre judy mikovitz make it fake it till you make it salesman on the exact
same subject that actually trained under hilly rickoprowski fake it till you make it has become
something that our kids think is how adults do it it's not how I did it it's not how my dad did it
it's not how my grandma did it it's not how my grandparents did it but somehow or another
this culture has kind of taken over
we're not faking it until we make it we were a biologist I was a biologist with a 20-year
career in neurobiology that kind of snuck through a Nobel prize-winning lab in 2014
I mean I'm not I'm not anyone without a CV I'm an absolute legitimate biologist bringing legitimate
questions to the floor about this stuff and being ignored for four years being misled for
four years being being played with for four years
and I'm mad about it because I think they're after our kids and they're after our grandkids and
and very few people seem to be mad enough about it to do anything so I'm trying to bring that
biology out and I think that James Giordano is a wonderful background on which to bring it out
because this is a fake it until you make it fake and they have faked biosecurity and bioterrorism
and pandemics they have faked it until they made it
they faked all of that stuff that potential they faked it and then they made it
and now they've got to double down on the fake otherwise they won't have made it where they've
already made it you see this is it right here they have to stick to it the coordinated harmonizing
lies must be respected otherwise the whole illusion falls apart and the since the illusion goes back
not to 2020 the illusion goes back all the way to the special cancer virus program
when they thought that they could irradiate things to increase the speed of evolution
when they were all one department
development testing and perhaps application and translational use initiatives in some cases
may augment it and this gets us to the difficulty of global sure
conventions Helsinki biological toxins and weapons conventions are having a difficult time
dealing with some of these non-conventional techniques and technologies very often international
treaties don't necessarily guarantee cooperation but more than that the extant verbiage of many
of these treaties has only begin to scrape the surface as to the categorical diversity of the
way of its neuroscientific tools and technology I would rather say that what AI and large language
models have done and should have done for us is to reveal that language itself is an illusion
language itself is a sort of limited spectrum of ideas and the more we allow the precision
of our language to be reduced from a a college level to a 12th grade level to an 8th grade level
to a sixth grade level we have the inability to express ourselves the inability to express
our reverence for that which we can't understand because we are now trapped not only in a limited
spectrum of ideas but a limited spectrum of words with which to juggle those ideas
and so large language models if they've exposed anything for me they've exposed the fact that
language is part of the way that they got us they dumbed us down we don't talk the way that
they used to talk at the start of the ninth of the 20th century just go and look for yourself after
this stream for a speech when Ronald Reagan was still running for office as the governor of
California and you will find a level of language that's simply not found on television anymore you
will find a level of sophisticated discussion about fine points and details and humor that you
won't find in any political speech ever again in America if they have their way
and that's for me what large language models have shown me is that the more the less words we have
to play with the more simple it is to make shit up to lie about it and to distort the truth within
this limited spectrum of debate that is also reinforced by this limited spectrum of vocabulary
and concepts it's extraordinary to me great comment. Apologies could be developed in use
the BTWC and CWC don't explicitly prohibit medical use occupational preventive medical use
commercial or proprietary use in the development of particular tools and technologies that can
be employed in commercial testing inclusive of commercial testing for example of organic
materials to assess their vulnerability in the workspace or in some cases the research development
test evaluation and use of neuro technologies is latter point was specifically addressed by
the Australia delegation the Australia group at the review conference of the biological toxins
and weapons conventions a couple of years ago and so this is coming to the fore increasingly and
I'm encouraged by that but I think what we're really facing here is that neuroscience and
technology can be likened to an international super speedway a formula one race multiple lanes
multiple vehicles a very very high technological prowess and capability a rapid pace relatively
big prizes. Now what I would suggest is that a very similar story is that bird too loud that
Robin is going bananas a very similar story has been told about AI and the biological
space let's say the biological reality in that and here hear me out for a second that China has
been collecting medical data and genetic data from their more homogenous population genetically
for a longer time than we have and so if he was to tell a story in a secret meeting what he would
say is America we are so far behind because this is a race and the Chinese because of their
system because of their totalitarian control the UK because of their their their nationalized
medical system and and Israel because of their nationalized medical system because of certain
databases in the United States we have the opportunity to catch up and if we don't if we continue to
ignore this race we will fall behind forever and the only way we're going to catch up is to do
something drastic and that might include orchestrating a pandemic to make sure that the sovereignty
that Americans consider their own is permanently erased by an emergency a crisis that we all agree
happens that we all agree could happen again and so we can catch up in this race
just consider that a possibility remember I'm calling the cops I don't know why the criminals
are doing what they're doing and I don't have a good explanation because I ain't them I don't
have a copy of the plan but there's lots of good explanations that are right in front of our face
that don't involve magic tricks that don't involve you know secret technology they just involve
a wonderfully orchestrated coordinated harmonized list of lies again that range from the financial
all the way to global hegemony is and the ability to influence and exert forces in a variety of
different domains again from the economic to the bellicose and there were risks and hazards risks
and hazards that are inherent to the technology and those that are derived from its various
uses and military operations although very often exist in some level of limited transparency
in an open society must have some level of responsibility and communication to the public
that it vows to protect the question then becomes if we're going to enter the race and we already
have are there race rules and restrictions well our group working together with others here
in the United States and internationally have proposed if you're going to get on the racetrack
you need some rules to get on the ramp you propose something called the on ramp approach
the operational neurotechnology risk assessment and mitigation paradigm and I provide those
references for you written large and over it involves a general six r approach that then drills down
into specific questions that must be asked I would argue this is stupid complicated
you're making questions about ethics about personal and individual sovereignty sovereignty
over children sovereignty over data sovereignty over medical data sovereignty over genetics
and sovereignty over your grandchildren as being irrelevant and breaking down into a lot of big
words and a lot of subtext that actually just completely sidesteps the idea that we have any
sovereignty over ourselves or any sovereignty over our future 80 sovereignty over our children
and and that's what's happening here I see just an enchantment and this might be an
enchantment aimed at people that are already within the bureaucracy that already understand
and have been at secret meetings before and so can fill in some of the blanks that you and I can't
but one of the blanks here is kind of a lookaway doctrine we know that that military and and
government intelligence agencies often function on a lookaway doctrine if you don't know what's
going on in that room and you don't ask any questions then what does it matter and so again
that's just the tip of the iceberg of what is not being said here but what is being said is that
we're going to obfuscate the simple ethical ideas of informed consent and sovereignty
by never using those words by never talking about those things how can he be an ethicist
he's no difference than then Tony Fauci's wife who can give an entire talk about bioethics without
ever once saying informed consent and here we have another person who parades himself as being a
bioethicist but never ever says informed consent even Robert Malone says he's actually a bioethicist
but in all that bioethics in it running through his veins he's never bothered to explain that
transfection was always criminally negligent and healthy humans it should have never been given
to children he sat on a beach and kind of made it a gray area as to whether kids should take it or
not which also of course was an admission or an implication that adults and old people sure they
should take it they're at more danger of covid than you are barefoot on a beach
it's all part of the same coordinated line he has probably been in a few meetings with
James Giordano at one point or another in his illustrious career serving this global governance
weaponized pile of money structured
once you see them ladies and gentlemen it's you can't unsee them and that's what we're doing here
one by one people are going to come to see it they're going to pull their head out of this box where
all these people are telling these loud stories about what they did
selling an ivermectin book selling a book about lies my government told me
publishing a book about the covid virus and in the beginning of the pandemic but not really
publishing it anywhere else not really pushing it at all it's all lies ladies and gentlemen they're
all liars working for one non-profit that's supposedly fighting for for autistic kids around
the world and then starting another profit that's non-profit that's supposed to fight the who and
all the while years and years later nobody's even mentioned the prep act or strict liability or
the seventh amendment violation that the prep act subtext represents years and years and now
we're on to our second second non-profit fighting the who and still we're not saying that it's
essentially just the criminal vaccine schedule that they're protecting essentially just the idea
that we have defeated disease with vaccines that they're protecting that none of them actually
question Robert Malone, Meryl Nasse, I mean they none of them question it.
Who else doesn't question it? Brett Weinstein, his wife, Peter Thiel, Eric Weinstein, Jordan Peterson,
who else doesn't question it? Do any of them usefully question it or do they talk about free speech
randomize control trials and not say strict liability not say strike the prep act not say
seventh amendment violation none of them do none of them that have had much longer than the pandemic
to figure it out. Meryl Nasse could have pulled her head out and said it anytime she wanted to
in the last 10 years that she's been taking money from this opposition. She could have just said
that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal just compared to any other country and that's
where we should start she could have said it she hasn't anyone there could have said it they haven't
question very clearly find a video where one of these people has said it the United States
vaccine schedule is criminal compared to another country
they haven't said it they've said that the mandates are wrong that censoring people on the internet
is wrong health freedom is right it's all part of the same coordinated harmonized list of lies
where none of them step on each other's toes where all of them pretend to stop one part of the
train but none of them get in each other's way so it looks really convincing.
And key context of framing that must be appreciated it demands responsibility for realistic assessment
of the technology not science fiction there are plenty of real things that need to be addressed
reviewed in some cases guided evaluating research and viable uses in practice what
constitutes dual use research of concern but does not what constitutes gain of function research
of concern and what does not. Responsive to the burdens and defects not only idiosyncratically
among individuals and collectives but perhaps systemically as well given certain harms of omission
or commission revising that it's two hours I think I'm going to leave it here and maybe I'll watch
some of this at double speed and see if there's anything worth pulling out as highlights I don't
want to make this video too long and I don't want to test peer tubes ability to put it up I'm going
to see if I can get two hours again. For the 72 people who have joined me this morning
on this show thank you very much for being here thank you very much for taking the time to share
my work and to be here and participate in the chat I'm getting better at being able to read
the chat quick see if there's anything worth commenting about and then going on and so please
keep coming please keep typing please keep sending the emails it's all going to get better and better
and better in this month because it has to because my family needs to make this work I need to make
this work and I really believe this is what I'm supposed to be doing so thank you very much
look forward to some more broken science initiative content. Matt Briggs has been working hard to
start to put a general big picture of probability course together and I've been diligently following
a long and listening and trying to figure out how I can help or summarize or or maybe recap some of
the stuff that he's doing and I think he's kind of learning as he goes to because this is a course
that he hasn't you know already outlined from the beginning to the end but it's kind of improvising
his way through it and I think that was what it also makes it a little more entertaining so you
can find those on Twitter if you haven't found them already and other than that I guess I would
say thank you very much for joining me and we will be here again faithfully tomorrow
and I guess I'll put this one up as the last slide. Did that work? Yes. Although my computer is
cranking like it's not very happy. I don't know what happened there. Ladies and gentlemen thank
you very much for being here thank you very much for participating and I will definitely see you
tomorrow again at 10 10. I'm going to try to get sharper and sharper and sharper. The actual goal
in terms of 10 10 is to start the music and the slideshow or some other placeholder at 10 o'clock
so that I'm really sharp at 10 10 and you don't necessarily need to watch the whole
introduction to get there at 10 10 so that the people who are necessarily are frustrated with
the show starting and then having a four or five minute introduction won't need to be as frustrated.
Thank you very very very very very very very much it's really encouraging and thank you again
for for sharing my work and I'll see you again tomorrow.
We're going to summarize that stuff that we've learned about virology and pre-ons and then
in the coming week or so and we'll put together a succinct slide set that's kind of an update to
the old maximum slide set and and we've been following way behind on slidesets and so
May is the the month where that's going to start again. It is a little more work for me in the sense
of I've got to be ahead of myself and and have two decks I have to have this deck and then I have
to have the deck that could be made into a PDF because as you can imagine with all the moving
nonsense and with all the extra stuff that's on these decks making a PDF of this deck is not
really useful. It becomes a giant document with a lot of moving parts that aren't all embedded
and so I have to make a separate deck that summarizes the deck that I use and so anyway we need to do
a pre-ons deck we need to do a virology deck we need to do an immunology deck and we need to do a
RNA cannot pandemic summary deck and so those are all little mini courses that's what I've been
trying to threaten as a mini course and so these videos and these study halls have all been
preparation for that mini course and in the background I have actually been assembling for
example I've been assembling pre-on reviews and all the papers that I want to use in the coming
courses we have pre-ons we have a couple other things in there that we need to learn we need to
know what these words mean like amyloidosis and pre-onogenesis and what they don't mean so that
we can understand when we're being bamboozled and when we aren't so again thank you very much and
I'll see you again soon